"Life is like coffee, the darker it gets, the more it energizes." – Ankita Singhal
"Either way, he figured a cup of coffee would hit the spot. For what is more versatile? As at home in tin as it is in Limoges, coffee can energize the industrious at dawn, calm the reflective at noon, or raise the spirits of the beleaguered in the middle of the night." – Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow 
"Want to hear a really dark joke? Decaf." – Unknown
"Coffee! Because anger management is too expensive." – Unknown
"I need COFFEE to help me change the things I can…and WINE to help me accept the things I can’t!" – Tanya Masse
"Mrs. Windemere always had a cup of hot coffee waiting for me. Black, which, she said, was the only way to drink it if you wanted to be awake to serve the god of Creativity" – Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now
"The Lord must have created coffee to reward humans for those bad times they sometimes have on Earth. Having charged your heart and brain with a cup of coffee, you’re ready to face the challenges of life. A good cup of coffee makes life seem better." – Sahara Sanders, Indigo Diaries
"You’d have coffee on a drip if you could, wouldn’t you?" – Kristina Adams, What Happens in New York
"Behind every successful woman is a substantial amount of coffee." – Stephanie Piro
"Humanity runs on coffee." – Unknown
"Our culture runs on coffee and gasoline, the first often tasting like the second." – Edward Abbey
"Coffee is the common man’s gold, and like gold, it brings to every person the feeling of luxury and nobility." – Sheik-Abd-al-Kadir
"What on earth could be more luxurious than a sofa, a book, and a cup of coffee." – Anthony Trollope
"Coffee should be black as hell, strong as death and sweet as love." – Turkish Proverb
"Behind every successful woman is a substantial amount of coffee." – Stephanie Piro
"A 41-inch bust and a lot of perseverance will get you more than a cup of coffee – a lot more." – Jayne Mansfield
"Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break." – Earl Wilson
"It’s amazing how the world begins to change through the eyes of a cup of coffee." – Donna A. Favors
"Without my morning coffee, I’m just like a dried-up piece of goat." – J.S. Bach
"But even a bad cup of coffee is better than no coffee at all. New York has great water for coffee." – David Lynch
"Coffee is a way of stealing time that should by rights belong to your older self." – Terry Pratchett, Thud!
"I judge a restaurant by the bread and by the coffee." – Burt Lancaster
"Coffee, the favorite drink of the civilized world." – Thomas Jefferson
"Do you know how helpless you feel if you have a full cup of coffee in your hand and you start to sneeze?" – Jean Kerr
"I like my coffee like I like my women. In a plastic cup." – Eddie Izzard
"Tobacco, coffee, alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine, are weak dilutions. The surest poison is time." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic’s best friend!" – Gerard Way
"Good communication is as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard." – Anne Spencer
"I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, ’Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.’" – Jim Carrey
"He was my cream, and I was his coffee – And when you poured us together, it was something." – Josephine Baker
"The morning cup of coffee has an exhilaration about it which the cheering influence of the afternoon or evening cup of tea cannot be expected to reproduce." – Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
"The powers of a man’s mind are directly proportioned to the quantity of coffee he drinks." – Sir James Mackintosh
"A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems." – Alfred Renyi
"I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon." – Ronald Regan
"If this is coffee, please bring me some tea; but if this is tea, please bring me some coffee." – Abraham Lincoln
"Coffee, the finest organic suspension ever devised." – Star Trek: Voyager
"Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after." – Anne Morrow Lindbergh
"If it weren’t for the coffee, I’d have no identifiable personality whatsoever." – David Letterman
"Actually, this seems to be the basic need of the human heart in nearly every great crisis – a good hot cup of coffee." – Alexander King
"What goes best with a cup of coffee? Another cup." – Henry Rollins
"To me, the smell of fresh-made coffee is one of the greatest inventions." – Hugh Jackman
"I would rather suffer from coffee than be senseless." – Napoleon Bonaparte
"I was taken by the power that savoring a simple cup of coffee can have to connect people and create community." – Howard Schultz
"I believe humans get a lot done, not because we’re smart, but because we have thumbs so we can make coffee." – Flash Rosenberg
"Coffee smells like freshly ground heaven." – Jesse Lane Adams
"It’s amazing how the world begins to change through the eyes of a cup of coffee." – Donna A. Favors
"I don’t know how people live without coffee, I really don’t." – Martha Quinn
"Coffee – it’s the lifeblood that fuels the dreams of champions!" – Mike Ditka
"Coffee is a language in itself." – Jackie Chan
"Adventure in life is good; consistency in coffee even better." – Justina Chen
"Science may never come up with a better office communication system than the coffee break." – Earl Wilson
"The love for coffee is stronger than any fears of man." – Mladen ?or?evi?
"One must savor the coffee, to actually have it." – Mohith Agadi
"Do you know what the Turkish say about coffee? It should be black as hell, strong as death, and sweet as love." – Holly Black, Black Heart
"COFFEE! Because this body is NOT going to wake itself up!" – Comic Strip Mama
"I have measured out my life with coffee spoons." – T.S.Eliot
"Coffee and flying are two pleasures that combine magnificently." – A.J. Sky, Starstorm